## Problem
Rasa knowledge base actions require the `object_type` slot to be set before it can query information for a given object of that object type. This prevents action_query_knowledge from providing an expected response when a user asks for a certain attribute of an object unless the user first asks to list objects related to that object type even though the knowledge base has the relevant information. That is, the knowledge base actions require the slot `object_type` to be set to one of the primary key values in the knowledge base for it to search through the objects. Here is an example:
```
Your input ->  what is the price range of Berlin Burrito Company?
Sorry, I'm not sure I understand. Can you rephrase?
Your input ->  list some restaurants
Found the following objects of type 'restaurant':
1: Gong Gan
2: I due forni
3: Pfefferberg
4: Lụa Restaurant
5: Donath
Your input ->  what is the price range of Berlin Burrito Company?
'Berlin Burrito Company' has the value 'cheap' for the attribute 'price-range'.
```
From this example, it is clear that the knowledge base has the required information that the user wants. However, it cannot directly infer the object_type from the object name which places a requirement on the user to ask the chatbot to list some objects of a given object_type first.

## Proposed solution
- The improvement requires changes to the classes ActionQueryKnowledgeBase and InMemoryKnowledgeBase under rasa-sdk. 
- The `object_type` can be inferred by utilizing the entity extraction model(DIET) where object types are used as entities to annotate object names. 
This also requires changes to slot management to enable dynamic inference of `object_type`. 
- The scope of the suggested solution is limited to user queries where they ask for an attribute of a given object without mentioning the object type and without needing to ask for a list of options of the corresponding object type first. 
- For E.g: If the user asks for the ‘price range of Berlin Burrito Company’, then the rasa knowledge base query function will extract and set the attribute slot value to ‘price-range’ and hotel slot value to ‘Berlin Burrito Company’. From this, it can be inferred that the user is talking about the object type ‘hotel’. 

## Summary of Changes
- Following changes were made on the existing code to enable the inference of `object_type` using the entities:
    - Extract the list of object_types from our knowledge base using a new function `get_object_types()` in `storage.py` under the `InMemoryKnowledgeBase` class. 
    - A new function named `match_extracted_entities_to_object_types` was added in `utils.py` to infer the object type of a given object using the entities and list of object types
    - The relevant logic was added in `actions.py` to infer the object type using the above functionalities when the object type slot is None. 
    - To enable dynamic inference of `object_type`, changes to slot management are also required. Currently, the functions return a None value for the `object_type` slot.